Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Adexc.net.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.10.2(52% of sites use a newer version)
Bootstrap is an open source HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Bootstrap 
Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the visitors browser.
Modernizr 2.6.2(23% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A weak ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a semantically equivalent page in the cache.
Weak ETag 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 1.8.0(60% of sites use a newer version)
Web Hosting Provider
Online.net is a French web hosting provider.
Online.net hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Network providers
.net 
Server Locations
France United Kingdom (used until recently)
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
