Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Airtel.in.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.11.1(used until recently)
Markup Languages
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Transitional version of XHTML.
XHTML Transitional 1.0(used until recently)
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS (used until recently)
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies (used until recently)
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies (used until recently)
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Tag Managers
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager (used until recently)
Adobe DTM (Dynamic Tag Management) is a tag management system by Adobe. This includes Satellite, previously owned by Search Discovery, and Adobe TagManager.
Adobe DTM (used until recently)
Web Servers
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
The IBM HTTP Server (IHS) is a web server based on the Apache HTTP Server developed by IBM.
IBM HTTP Server (used until recently)
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
India
.in 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
