Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Apple.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Web Hosting Providers
China Unicom, formerly also China Netcom, is a Chinese telecom operator, also offering web hosting services.
China Unicom 
Apple is a multinational technology company headquartered in USA.
Apple hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands China 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
