Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Bookmyshow.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 2.1.4(1% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
SSL Certificate Authority
Entrust is an IT security service provider, also operating as SSL certificate authority.
Entrust 
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Services
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare 
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai (used until recently)
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Singapore Netherlands (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
