Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Ccavenue.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Website Quality Alerts
Contradictory character encoding specifications

Server-side Programming Language
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.7.2(74% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
Windows-1252 is an 8-bit character encoding, designed to cover West European alphabets.
Windows-1252 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
Verisign is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Verisign 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Web Hosting Provider
Netmagic is an Indian cloud computing provider owned by NTT.
Netmagic hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands India 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
