Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Cricbuzz.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
Comodo provides IT services, software, and SSL certificates under various brand names.
Comodo 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics (used until recently)
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies (used until recently)
Lotame Crowd Control is an analytics package to measure social media behavior for publishers and advertisers.
Lotame (used until recently)
Effective Measure collects data on website audience.
Effective Measure (used until recently)
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Web Hosting Provider
SoftLayer Technologies is a dedicated server, managed hosting and cloud computing provider owned by IBM.
SoftLayer hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Singapore 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
