Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Ebay.in.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Website Quality Alerts
Contradictory content language specifications

Server-side Programming Languages
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP (used until recently)
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SSL Certificate Authority
Verisign is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Verisign 
Advertising Networks
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
The eBay Partner Network is the affiliate program of eBay.
eBay Partner Network 
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
India
.in 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands 
Content Language
Hindi 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
