Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Espncricinfo.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Languages
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Adobe Flash (by Adobe Systems, formerly Shockwave Flash and Macromedia Flash) is a multimedia platform for adding animation and interactivity to web pages.
Flash 
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.7.1(80% of sites use a newer version)
React is an open source JavaScript library for building user interfaces, developed by Facebook.
React 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SSL Certificate Authority
The SSL certificate is invalid because it is not issued for the domain where it is used.
Invalid Domain 
Social Widgets
Facebook Social Plugins provide a way for Facebook users to share web pages with their friends.
Facebook 
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter (used until recently)
Traffic Analysis Tools
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Adobe Analytics is a web site traffic analysis service formerly called Omniture. Its products include SiteCatalyst, WebSideStory and Hitbox.
Adobe Analytics 
Chartbeat is a real-time web analytics tool by Betaworks.
Chartbeat 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Web Hosting Providers
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon 
Claranet is a European web hosting provider headquartered in London.
Claranet (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States United Kingdom (used until recently)Netherlands (used until recently)Sweden (used until recently)Austria (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
