Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Google.co.in.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Languages
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Adobe Flash (by Adobe Systems, formerly Shockwave Flash and Macromedia Flash) is a multimedia platform for adding animation and interactivity to web pages.
Flash 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG (used until recently)
Site Elements
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Web Server
Google develops a range of web servers for their web infrastructure.
Google Servers 
Web Hosting Providers
Google provides various services to run on its servers.
Google 
The DoD Network Information Center is an IT support organization of the US Department of Defense.
DoD Network Information Center (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
India
.in 
Server Locations
United States Italy New Zealand Azerbaijan (used until recently)
Content Languages
English Hindi Bengali Tamil Marathi Telugu Malayalam Kannada Panjabi, Punjabi Gujarati 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
