Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Gsmarena.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 5.5.38(version 5.5.37 used until recently)(17% of sites use a newer version)
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.11.1(42% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
ISO-8859-1 (informally also called Latin-1) is an 8-bit character set for Western European languages.
ISO-8859-1 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
JavaScript Content Delivery Networks
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
The CDNJS is a content distribution network, hosting a large number of JavaScript libraries, provided by CloudFlare.
CDNJS 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 2.2.15(71% of sites use a newer version)
Operating System
CentOS is a Linux distribution based on Red Hat Enterprise Linux.
CentOS 
Web Hosting Provider
Hetzner is a German hosting provider.
Hetzner hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
Germany 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
