Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by India.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Content Management System
WordPress is an open source blog publishing and content management system, based on PHP and MySQL.
WordPress 3.7.1(94% of sites use a newer version)
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 2.0.3(5% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SSL Certificate Authority
The SSL certificate is invalid because it is not issued for the domain where it is used.
Invalid Domain 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Lotame Crowd Control is an analytics package to measure social media behavior for publishers and advertisers.
Lotame 
Advertising Networks
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Adtech is an ad serving platform owned by AOL.
Adtech 
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands (used until recently)Singapore (used until recently)Austria (used until recently)Finland (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
