Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Indiamart.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.12.2(version 1.7.2 used until recently)(28% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies (used until recently)
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies (used until recently)
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies (used until recently)
JavaScript Content Delivery Networks
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
The CDNJS is a content distribution network, hosting a large number of JavaScript libraries, provided by CloudFlare.
CDNJS (used until recently)
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Hosting Provider
Internap is a web hosting provider headquartered in USA.
Internap hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United States 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
