Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Irctc.co.in.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Languages
Microsoft's Active Server Pages technology on the .NET framework.
ASP.NET 
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 
Markup Language
Transitional version of XHTML.
XHTML Transitional 1.0
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Advertising Networks
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Amazon Associates is the affiliate program of Amazon.
Amazon Associates (used until recently)
Top Level Domain
India
.in 
Server Location
India 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
