Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Linkedin.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SSL Certificate Authority
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Italy Singapore 
Content Languages
English Russian Japanese German Spanish French Portuguese Italian Turkish Dutch, Flemish Korean Czech Indonesian Swedish Romanian Malay 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
