Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Makemytrip.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Languages
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Microsoft's Active Server Pages technology on the .NET framework.
ASP.NET 
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.10.1(58% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of more than 10 years.
Cookies expiring in decades 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SSL Certificate Authority
Verisign is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Verisign 
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Tag Manager
Qubit Opentag is a self serviced or managed tag management system.
Qubit Opentag (used until recently)
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Web Hosting Provider
Netmagic is an Indian cloud computing provider owned by NTT.
Netmagic hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
India 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
