Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Moneycontrol.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.7.2(74% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
Transitional version of XHTML.
XHTML Transitional 1.0
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
SSL Certificate Authority
Thawte is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Thawte 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
BlueKai collects website visitor data and provides it to advertisers, owned by Oracle.
BlueKai 
CrazyEgg is a website visitor and click tracking service.
CrazyEgg (used until recently)
Gemius offers website traffic and audience measurement services.
Gemius (used until recently)
Lotame Crowd Control is an analytics package to measure social media behavior for publishers and advertisers.
Lotame (used until recently)
Effective Measure collects data on website audience.
Effective Measure (used until recently)
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Web Hosting Provider
Netmagic is an Indian cloud computing provider owned by NTT.
Netmagic hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands India Austria 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
