Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Myway.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Advertising Network
Commission Junction is an online advertising and affiliate marketing service by ValueClick.
Commission Junction 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands Singapore (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
