Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Naukri.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.11.0(47% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of more than 10 years.
Cookies expiring in decades 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 1.8.1(54% of sites use a newer version)
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands Singapore (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
