Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Office.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
Microsoft's Active Server Pages technology on the .NET framework.
ASP.NET 4.0.30319(0% of sites use a newer version)
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.11.3(28% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SSL Certificate Authority
Verizon is an IT service provider, also operating as SSL certificate authority, primarily via its acquisition
of Cybertrust.
Verizon 
Web Server
The Internet Information Services (IIS) are a set of Internet-based services for Windows, developed by Microsoft.
Microsoft-IIS 8.5(version 8.0 used until recently)(0% of sites use a newer version)
Operating System
Windows is a popular operating system produced by Microsoft.
Windows 
Web Hosting Provider
Microsoft is a multinational technology company headquartered in USA.
Microsoft hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands Singapore Ireland Hong Kong (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
