Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Olx.in.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years (used until recently)
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
Comodo provides IT services, software, and SSL certificates under various brand names.
Comodo 
Social Widget
Facebook Social Plugins provide a way for Facebook users to share web pages with their friends.
Facebook 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Hosting Providers
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon 
SoftLayer Technologies is a dedicated server, managed hosting and cloud computing provider owned by IBM.
SoftLayer (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
India
.in 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands Singapore (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
