Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Outbrain.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language.
JavaScript 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A weak ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a semantically equivalent page in the cache.
Weak ETag 
SSL Certificate Authority
Thawte is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Thawte 
Traffic Analysis Tool
KISSmetrics is a website analytics solution that provides visual representations of conversion funnels.
KISSmetrics (used until recently)
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads (used until recently)
Web Server
Node.js is a server-side JavaScript environment for writing network programs such as web servers, originally developed by Ryan Dahl.
Node.js 
Web Hosting Providers
ServerCentral is a US-based web hosting provider.
ServerCentral 
Internap is a web hosting provider headquartered in USA.
Internap hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
