Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Pinterest.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Content Management System
Drupal is an open source content management system written in PHP, originally developed by Dries Buytaert.
Drupal 7(1% of sites use a newer version)
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 
Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the visitors browser.
Modernizr 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SSL Certificate Authority
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Social Widgets
Facebook Social Plugins provide a way for Facebook users to share web pages with their friends.
Facebook 
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter 
The Pinterest Pin-It button allows website visitors to pin images onto Pinterest.
Pinterest 
Reddit Buttons allow web pages to be submitted to and discussed on Reddit.
Reddit 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Services
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Fastly is a content delivery network.
Fastly 
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare (used until recently)
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands 
Content Languages
English German Spanish French Portuguese Italian Dutch, Flemish 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
