Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Reddit.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based vector image format.
SVG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Social Widget
Reddit Buttons allow web pages to be submitted to and discussed on Reddit.
Reddit 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United States 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
