Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Sifyitest.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 5.4.43(53% of sites use a newer version)
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 
Bootstrap is an open source HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Bootstrap 
Markup Language
Transitional version of HTML.
HTML Transitional 4.0
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Web Server
The Apache HTTP Server is a popular open source web server by the Apache Software Foundation.
Apache 2.2.22(54% of sites use a newer version)
Operating System
Unix is a range of operating systems originally developed at Bell Labs. This contains Unix and Unix-like systems, such as Linux.
Unix 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
India 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
