Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Slideshare.net.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
A weak ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a semantically equivalent page in the cache.
Weak ETag (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Social Widgets
Facebook Social Plugins provide a way for Facebook users to share web pages with their friends.
Facebook 
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter 
The Google +1 button allows visitors to recommend web pages to friends.
Google +1 
The Pinterest Pin-It button allows website visitors to pin images onto Pinterest.
Pinterest 
The WhatsApp share button allows users to share content with their WhatsApp contacts.
WhatsApp 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Top Level Domain
Network providers
.net 
Server Locations
United States Italy Singapore Ireland (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
