Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Snapdeal.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based vector image format.
SVG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS (used until recently)
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies (used until recently)
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours (used until recently)
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days (used until recently)
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of more than 10 years.
Cookies expiring in decades (used until recently)
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies (used until recently)
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies (used until recently)
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
New Relic is a web application performance management tool.
New Relic (used until recently)
Chartbeat is a real-time web analytics tool by Betaworks.
Chartbeat (used until recently)
Web Server
Apache Tomcat is an open source Java servlet container that functions as a web server, developed by the Apache Software Foundation
Tomcat 
Web Hosting Provider
Neustar is a US-based IT and Internet service provider.
Neustar hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
