Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Stackexchange.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.7.1(80% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
ICO is an image file format for computer icons, originally used in Microsoft Windows, on the Web often used for favicons.
ICO 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of more than 10 years.
Cookies expiring in decades 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months (used until recently)
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authorities
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Comodo provides IT services, software, and SSL certificates under various brand names.
Comodo (used until recently)
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Quantcast provides visitor statistics of web sites.
Quantcast 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx (used until recently)
Reverse Proxy Services
Fastly is a content delivery network.
Fastly 
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United States 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
