Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Terraclicks.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Website Quality Alerts
No title declaration

Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript (used until recently)
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1(used until recently)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 (used until recently)
Site Elements
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS (used until recently)
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression (used until recently)
A weak ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a semantically equivalent page in the cache.
Weak ETag (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authorities
Comodo provides IT services, software, and SSL certificates under various brand names.
Comodo 
GeoTrust is a SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec. This includes SSL certificates issues by the certification branch of Equifax, which was acquired by GeoTrust.
GeoTrust (used until recently)
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
Google Hosted Libraries (formerly called Google Libraries API) is a content distribution network for the most popular, open-source JavaScript libraries, provided by Google.
Google Hosted Libraries (used until recently)
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics (used until recently)
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 1.9.13(version 1.9.9 used until recently)(50% of sites use a newer version)
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United States 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
