Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Thehindu.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
Java is a general-purpose language originally developed by Sun Microsystems.
Java 
Client-side Programming Languages
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Adobe Flash (by Adobe Systems, formerly Shockwave Flash and Macromedia Flash) is a multimedia platform for adding animation and interactivity to web pages.
Flash (used until recently)
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.10.1(58% of sites use a newer version)
Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the visitors browser.
Modernizr 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
A strong ETag is an HTTP header field for validation of cached web pages, that indicates a byte-for-byte identical page in the cache.
Strong ETag 
SSL Certificate Authority
The SSL certificate is invalid because it is not issued for the domain where it is used.
Invalid Domain 
Social Widget
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
CrazyEgg is a website visitor and click tracking service.
CrazyEgg 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Lotame Crowd Control is an analytics package to measure social media behavior for publishers and advertisers.
Lotame 
Advertising Networks
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Zedo is an advertising network and ad network optimization service.
Zedo 
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Server
Apache Tomcat is an open source Java servlet container that functions as a web server, developed by the Apache Software Foundation
Tomcat 
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States India Austria Netherlands (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
