Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Thewhizmarketing.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Website Quality Alerts
No title declaration

Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Format
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United Kingdom 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
