Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Tumblr.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Web Servers
The Apache Traffic Server is a caching proxy server derived from the Yahoo Traffic Server.
Apache Traffic Server 
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx (used until recently)
Web Hosting Providers
Yahoo operates several web portals and related services world-wide.
Yahoo 
Level 3 Communications is a multinational telecommunications and Internet service provider headquartered in USA.
Level 3 
Tumblr is a hosted blogging platform owned by Yahoo.
Tumblr 
KDDI Corporation is a Japanese telecommunications operator.
KDDI Corporation (used until recently)hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States United Kingdom Japan (used until recently)
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
