Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Twitter.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Content Management System
Drupal is an open source content management system written in PHP, originally developed by Dries Buytaert.
Drupal 
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
Markup Languages
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Mobile version of XHTML, meant to support mobile handsets.
XHTML Mobile Profile 1.1
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 day and 1 month.
Cookies expiring in days 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
HttpOnly cookies are used only in the HTTP protocol and not in client side scripts, which may increase security.
HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Secure cookies are used only via an encrypted connections, which may increase security.
Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authorities
Verisign is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Verisign 
DigiCert is an SSL certificate authority.
DigiCert (used until recently)
Social Widget
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter 
Web Hosting Provider
Twitter is a US-based micro-blogging service.
Twitter hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Italy Azerbaijan (used until recently)
Content Languages
English Russian Japanese German Spanish French Portuguese Italian Chinese Polish Turkish Persian Dutch, Flemish Korean Arabic Indonesian Swedish Hungarian Danish Thai Finnish Hebrew Norwegian Hindi Malay Urdu Filipino, Pilipino 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
