Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Wittyfeed.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Popularity rank
Website Quality Alerts
No title declaration

Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 5.5.9(used until recently)
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Libraries
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 
Bootstrap is an open source HTML, CSS, and JavaScript framework.
Bootstrap 
Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the visitors browser.
Modernizr 
AngularJS is a JavaScript library for building web applications, developed by Misko Hevery.
AngularJS 
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG (used until recently)
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG (used until recently)
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 month and 1 year.
Cookies expiring in months 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time of up to 1 day.
Cookies expiring in hours (used until recently)
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
Comodo provides IT services, software, and SSL certificates under various brand names.
Comodo 
Social Widgets
A Twitter Button allows a Twitter user to post a tweet from the visited site.
Twitter 
The Pinterest Pin-It button allows website visitors to pin images onto Pinterest.
Pinterest (used until recently)
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Quantcast provides visitor statistics of web sites.
Quantcast 
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Alexa Certified Site Metrics provide traffic data to website owners.
Alexa 
BlueKai collects website visitor data and provides it to advertisers, owned by Oracle.
BlueKai 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads (used until recently)
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Operating System
Ubuntu is a Linux distribution.
Ubuntu (used until recently)
Reverse Proxy Service
CloudFlare provides a content delivery network.
CloudFlare hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Location
United States 
Content Language
English 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
