Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Wordpress.org.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Content Management System
WordPress is an open source blog publishing and content management system, based on PHP and MySQL.
WordPress 4.7(version 4.6 used until recently)(0% of sites use a newer version)
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.12.4(6% of sites use a newer version)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
SSL Certificate Authority
GoDaddy is an IT service provider, amongst others operating as SSL certificate authority. This includes ValiCert certificates, now operated by Go Daddy.
GoDaddy 
Social Widget
Facebook Social Plugins provide a way for Facebook users to share web pages with their friends.
Facebook 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
WordPress Stats is a visitor tracking plugin for the WordPress publishing platform.
WordPress Stats 
Quantcast provides visitor statistics of web sites.
Quantcast 
Web Server
Nginx (pronounced as "engine X") is a lightweight open source web server developed by Igor Sysoev.
Nginx 
Web Hosting Provider
Peer 1 Hosting provides Internet hosting services that include managed hosting, dedicated servers, collocation and cloud computing, owned by Cogeco. This includes its subsidiary ServerBeach and NetBenefit.
Peer 1 hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io, see details
Top Level Domain
Non-profit organizations
.org 
Server Location
United States 
Content Languages
English German Spanish French Italian 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
