Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Yahoo.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Online since
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Libraries
The Yahoo! User Interface (YUI) Library is a JavaScript library developed by Yahoo.
YUI Library 
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery (used until recently)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
JPEG (Joint Photographic Experts Group) is a lossy compression method suitable to store photographic images.
JPEG 
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Session cookies are temporary cookies, which are deleted when the user closes the browser.
Session Cookies 
Non-HttpOnly cookies are used in the HTTP protocol and also in client side scripts, which may be a security threat.
Non-HttpOnly Cookies 
Non-secure cookies may be used via an unencrypted connections, which may be a security threat.
Non-Secure Cookies 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
The Internet Protocol version 6 (IPv6) provides amongst others a vastly larger address space than the preceding version 4. We consider a website to support IPv6 if a 128-bit address is assigned to it, regardless of the content delivered at that address.
IPv6 
SPDY (pronounced speedy) is a web protocol developed by Google, the basis for HTTP/2.
SPDY 
HTTP/2 is the second major version of the HTTP network protocol.
HTTP/2 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
Persistent cookies with an expiration time between 1 and 10 years.
Cookies expiring in years (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
Verisign is an SSL certificate authority owned by Symantec.
Verisign 
Traffic Analysis Tools
Full Circle Studies collects information about general website visitation patterns as part of the ComScore market research.
Full Circle Studies 
Etracker offers real-time webanalytics services.
Etracker 
Yahoo! Web Analytics is a free web analytics solution by Yahoo.
Yahoo! Web Analytics 
Chartbeat is a real-time web analytics tool by Betaworks.
Chartbeat (used until recently)
Advertising Networks
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads 
Amazon Associates is the affiliate program of Amazon.
Amazon Associates 
The eBay Partner Network is the affiliate program of eBay.
eBay Partner Network 
Yahoo Advertising offers a range of advertising solutions, including Right Media.
Yahoo Advertising (used until recently)
Microsoft Advertising is an advertising platform by Microsoft, formerly called Aquantive and also including Atlas Solutions.
Microsoft Advertising (used until recently)
Web Server
The Apache Traffic Server is a caching proxy server derived from the Yahoo Traffic Server.
Apache Traffic Server 
Web Hosting Provider
Yahoo operates several web portals and related services world-wide.
Yahoo hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States United Kingdom Ireland Taiwan (used until recently)
Content Languages
English German Spanish French Portuguese Italian Chinese Dutch, Flemish Arabic Vietnamese Indonesian Swedish Greek Romanian 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
