Featured products and servicesadvertise here
Overview of web technologies used by Zomato.com.
Website Background
Description on Homepage
Description from Alexa
Popularity rank
Mainvisitorslocations
Server-side Programming Language
PHP is a popular scripting language for creating web pages.
PHP 
Client-side Programming Language
JavaScript is a lightweight, object-oriented, cross-platform scripting language, mainly used within web pages.
JavaScript 
JavaScript Library
JQuery is a JavaScript library that simplifies HTML document traversing, event handling, animating and Ajax interaction. Originally developed by John Resig.
JQuery 1.8.3(used until recently)
Markup Language
HTML5 is the fifth revision of the HTML standard.
HTML5 
Character Encoding
UTF-8 (8-bit Unicode Transformation Format) is a variable-length character encoding for Unicode, which is backwards compatible with ASCII.
UTF-8 
Image File Formats
PNG (Portable Network Graphics) is a lossless compression image format, suitable to store graphics with uniformly colored areas, and originally introduced as a free, open-source successor of GIF.
PNG 
GIF (Graphics Interchange Format) is a lossless compression image format, originally introduced by CompuServe and suitable to store graphics, logos and simple animations.
GIF 
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an XML-based vector image format.
SVG 
Site Elements
External Cascading Style Sheets define style rules in a separate CSS file.
External CSS 
Inline Cascading Style Sheets define style rules directly within an (X)HTML element using the style attribute.
Inline CSS 
Gzip (GNU zip) is a file compression algorithm.
Gzip Compression 
HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) defines a mechanism enabling web sites to declare themselves accessible only via secure connections.
HTTP Strict Transport Security 
Embedded Cascading Style Sheets define a set of style rules in a <style> element within a web page.
Embedded CSS (used until recently)
SSL Certificate Authority
GoDaddy is an IT service provider, amongst others operating as SSL certificate authority. This includes ValiCert certificates, now operated by Go Daddy.
GoDaddy 
JavaScript Content Delivery Network
The CDNJS is a content distribution network, hosting a large number of JavaScript libraries, provided by CloudFlare.
CDNJS 
Traffic Analysis Tool
Google Analytics is a free service to get detailed statistics about the visitors of a website, provided by Google.
Google Analytics 
Advertising Network
The Google Advertising network consists of AdSense, DoubleClick and other services.
Google Ads (used until recently)
Tag Manager
The Google Tag Manager is a Google service to support webmasters to manage tags on their websites.
Google Tag Manager (used until recently)
Web Hosting Provider
Amazon is a US-based e-commerce and cloud computing provider.
Amazon hosting info based on data from ipinfo.io
Reverse Proxy Service
Akamai is a content delivery network.
Akamai 
Top Level Domain
Commercial entities
.com 
Server Locations
United States Netherlands Singapore (used until recently)
Content Languages
English Spanish Portuguese Turkish Indonesian 
TechnologyScore
The technology score rates a site based on its technologies in a range from 0to100. It consists in a popularity score (how many sites use the same technologies), a traffic score (how much traffic have other sites using the same technologies) and a version score (how many sites use more recent technology versions). Quality alerts also affect the rating.
